Add replica set example demo project (#25)
unumotors/mongo-hydra: examples/replicaset/README.md

# Replicaset example

> Create base replica configuration and then set it up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a simple MongoDB replica set with docker-compose and how to use mongo-hydra to set it up.
```
